HTML doc errors:

1. The title bar's h1 tags were were left out.
2. Someone added a box to tell me that the page has been vandalized, but didn't bother to fix the page themselves.
3. Div tags at the start of the about and picture panels were not properly indented.
4. Sentences in the about sections were not separated by p tags.
5. The wikipedia link was missing from the href in the a tags.
6. Proper indentation was lacking in the closing div tags for the about panel.
7. Proper indentation was lacking in the opening div tags for the picture panel.
8. The img tag for the picture of Boo did not have square brackets at either end.
9. Div tags at the close of the picture panel did not have proper indentation.
10. The text-center class was given to the first child div, and not the parent div after the first set of br tags.
11. Div tags in the second row were not properly spaced and indented.
12. The shrink/grow and text color games did not work, and were placed on the wrong row.
13. Text-center attribute was placed on the shrink/grow and text color game's div, instead of with the parent div with "row."
14. Fact button div's text-center was placed on the first child in the div, not the parent div with the row attribute.
15. Text-center attribute missing from text color game div with class col-sm-6.
16. The id's in the the text color game were mismatched.
17. The favorite thing's and random fact row was missing proper indentation and whitespacing.
18. Oredered list items were missing li tags.
19. Note for javascript file link missing from bottom of HTML file.
20. Linked JS file src was "errors.js," not logic.js.

JS doc errors:

1. All notes are missing from the JS file.
2. Proper spacing and indentation was missing from text color button functions.
3. booFacts array is missing quotes for EACH array item, instead translating the whole thing as a single array item.
4. The portion of the boxGrow function that increased the size of the box was not properly formatted.
5. In the pink color change function, the word "pink" was not in quotes.
6. the "click" parameters in the grow and shrink functions are not in quotes.

CSS doc errors:

None